ha ha ha ha
hey Jamie
yeah Greg yeah - my father to assist our
chili crab soup oh no D Hungarian boy
Sigma man and dirty
Stan kenten three kilogram came in
andorra kamikaze Joe DeRita bullion
mundo Tenten he knows what her body
don't ya
Kanaka Rao from death took dr. Milo D
punch Aikido
chop chop G - G those house just an
acronym gear how does a nice open it do
you see catchy thanks dad
what what occasion honky-tonkin weekend
in boutique in goon a location a annex
ii and s/ii a stamp you can i film to
mixing to do but never yeah
chakra a gear joint cinco de la donated
vehicle you don't go above six down
get GG i do you chew on tongue a routine
check
turning of a kilo to none tami-lynn yah
Giga smooth coded red key balance -
you're not a dude hey girl gotta go yeah
yeah hey chickie I get your daddy da
couch alone am NOT a gotta go see
pokémon - its yeah each one a meringue a
bun and a key you think I am
cheat is about let's see stop thank God
think of it sending me down kottshicken
why should I stop telling me Jamie man
duty - did the father coach and a day
ticket tea heh 1.8 per minute DVD s a
booty motor
Buddha IRA taku taming the day oh my god
hey Dad you chose
somebody with helmet dad your honor
I'm never sprinting Buddha doing
Indonesian cafe compared enough who get
man - Quinta little teaching yoga more
galacto